Star tree documentation fixes (#9305)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _field-types/supported-field-types/star-tree.md

| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `name` | Required | The name of the field. The field name should be present in the `properties` section as part of the index `mapping`. Ensure that the `doc_values` setting is `enabled` for any associated fields. |

### Date dimension

Date dimension supports one `Date` field and is always the first dimension placed above the ordered dimensions as they generally have high cardinality.

`date_dimension` can support up to three of the following calendar intervals:

- `year` (of era)
- `quarter` (of year)
- `month` (of year)
- `week` (of week-based year)
- `day` (of month)
- `hour` (of day)
- `half-hour` (of day)
- `quater-hour` (of day)
- `minute` (of hour)
- `second` (of minute)

The date dimension uses the following behaviors:

- Any values in the `date` field are rounded based on the granularity associated with calendar intervals provided. For example, 

> - The default `calendar_intervals` are `minute` and `half-hour`.

Reviewer: They were not intended to be.

> - The default `calendar_intervals` are `minute` and `half-hour`.

Reviewer 2: Then the "For example," doesn't work. Can we remove it?

> - The default `calendar_intervals` are `minute` and `half-hour`.

Reviewer 2: This works, thanks!

> - The default `calendar_intervals` are `minute` and `half-hour`.

Reviewer: I removed the first sentence introducing the list, and made the first bullet the introduction for the list.

- During queries, the nearest granular interval are automatically picked up. For example, if you have configured `hour` and `minute` as the `calendar_intervals` and your query is a monthly date histogram, the `hour` interval will be automatically selected for the query to compute the results in optimized way.

> - To support timezone based queries `:30` equals a `half-hour` interval and `:15` equals a `quarter-hour` interval.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To support time-zone-based queries, `:30` equals a `half-hour` interval and `:15` equals a `quarter-hour` interval.
```
